hello and thank you for visiting this
video on how to remove your LCD laptop
screen we're going to be showing you how
to replace a cracked or broken LCD
screen with a with your new screen
there's going to be a few tools needed
one would be a Phillips head screwdriver
cover for your keyboard so you don't
hurt the screen when you're putting it
on something they'll hold the screws
while you're working ok first we want to
do what we want to do is take out the
battery as a safety precaution
once we've taken off the battery we can
move on to disassembly first we're going
to want to look at the bezel which is
this plastic front cover here you're
going to find plastic covers there can
be two there can be four doesn't matter
just need to locate all of them and take
them off we suggest you keep them in a
container so you don't lose any of them
as they are important
once you've located all the plastic
covers you can move on to unscrewing
them
once you have all the screws off you're
going to want to gently place your
fingers inside the bezel in between the
screen and gently pull off when you're
taking off the bezel you might hear some
popping sounds that just means it's
coming off so don't worry about that
place it off the side and we can move on
to our next step okay the next step
we're going to do is actual taking out
of the screen you're going to find that
the screen is going to be screwed in
place to some brackets what we're going
to need is to take your screwdriver and
carefully take all these screws out and
put them in the collection with all your
others you'll find them located in the
front and possibly on the sides every
screen is different so just look very
carefully
okay now we're going to take the screen
off
if there's any tape we're going to
gently pull it off the back of the
screen use your fingernails to gently
pull out the plug from the screen
some computers may have an additional
connector just gently also remove that
one
see it really is that easy now we're
going to go get the new screen
and now we're going to put it back and
just like new
now that we have the LCD screen back in
place we're going to use the screws to
mount it in
and there is your finished new screen
for your laptop